there is always some danger involved any time in the military they're
training accidents during World War two they lost exactly as many pilots
and aircraft from training accidents as they did from enemy combat
it's dangerous work you're doing dangerous things in Vietnam where
I served I stepped on a spike when we were working on the the trench
line one day and drove the spike always to the top of my foot so
there's there's that kind of danger all the time but you have the added
danger if you're in a combat zone of of having someone shoot at
you or or try to fire a rocket or mortar at you I guess the most dangerous
thing I ever did was once when we were under a mortar attack
it food by I was crossing a large field to get to that trench line
where I was assigned to be she got her if we got hit by an attack not
just the rockets mortars as I crossed that feel I had the sense that
there was a mortar round that was fired up in the air was coming
right down on top in my head and I made myself not run I mean myself
keep walking assuming that the sense I had that was get hit me was
false it would not hit me and that to run would be giving way to my
own fear that I was walking along in the round finally came down to
but it was you know like a couple football fields for me to learn meters
it so winner so was in a particular danger to the but that was
probably bored dangers